hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP we got dr. Manhattan returning the
show he's been here previously he's a
twitch sub how's it going dr. Manhattan
where you come from
I'm doing well I'm calling from the
distant distant planet that is our
nation's capital in Washington DC
our second Washington DC caller nice
calling in to the show today after risen
Lazarus hopefully your performance on
the show is better than his what did you
want to talk about many one asked the
producers just someone like the highs
and lows like I don't wanna get too
specific because not here to just you
know dig drama and just find anything
like that obviously like that's that
what I'm trying to do but you know I was
like any specific time where it was just
like as producers or like ask camera
guys that you guys see it's just like
like that give it even though
you're behind the camera because I mean
I think maximal points that like you
know these guys I consider like like
some of the guys I can say like really
close friends and it's like at one point
he even like behind the camera or like
maybe that we don't see that's just like
it becomes much realer for you guys just
a little bit with this ti experience but
yeah max I mean TSM has had a lot of
highs and really low lows maybe more
than any other team in the the LCS like
what
well the NA LCS at least what what has
the whole experience been like for you
the room and atmosphere in every at
every worlds I've been to I guess all
three after he knocked out is one of the
worst times to film ever I like
literally want to just want to put the
camera down and not keep filming the
guys it just feels like wrong to just
film these guys it's such a vulnerable
and emotional state like it just feels
super weird but I know it has to be done
and sometimes those rooms are cramped so
I'm like kind of in their face it's
really really weird and I hate it it's
like the worst part of the job
so those moments are like especially
2016 getting knocked out of that one was
pretty dark just really really grim
atmosphere so yeah and then also
losing it at MSG that's like the first
time I ever saw like some of the guys
cry so that was pretty dark and then
losing in Las Vegas for CLG it was also
a pretty sucky so yeah those those five
moments I guess were the worst do you
how much of that translates because it's
an interesting situation the same way
that Damien talked about feeling like a
lot of empathy for the players that were
on stage at that ti when they win and
sort of sharing that moment with them
was it like for you do you do you feel
like you share a connection with the
players like you is it is it almost hard
to shoot in the really big moments cuz
you want to celebrate with them and you
know is it hard to shoot because I've
been I remember I've been on the floor
with you as I'm taking a picture of the
players lifting a trophy and you're
filming them lifting the trophy you know
what's that I had experience like for
you yeah dude I just want to like jump
up and down when we lose or when we went
like LCS like every time and I just want
to like go up on stage and give them all
hugs cuz I was there like I was filming
them you know talking about strategy
talking about picking bands it's like oh
nice it's picking that went well like I
know a bit about the game just from like
being there and listening and so when I
know something it was going well I'm
just like wanna stop filming and go give
these guys hugs but uh yeah like it is
pretty tough like you know not to get
involved like even when something good
is happening like was like a joke going
around and you want to join in on the
conversation it's like I want to say
something I've something to say but I
can't because I want to keep filming
yeah thanks
max is really good at not saying
anything well Gabriel only up I am awful
I'm terrible at it
it's I laugh at everything that's said
and I'm working on it it's really hard
it's really hard when max to you because
actually you you slip there at first I
guess at you if you want to jump on
whatever we lose and twitch chat twitch
to call you out for but there there's
got to be moments where it is you're you
you must be like wow this is gonna be
such good content like this might be the
best episode ever like
I was gonna ask like I remember with
rebirth
Damien like one of your favorite
episodes and I gave my were talking
about this the other day we still agree
it's like one of the best episodes ever
was the episode at Madison Square Garden
when Team Liquid is watching TSM lose to
CLG and knowing that they like they
can't control their fate at all and they
are now like they're their dreams are
going away because they expect to TSM to
beat CLG and you know it must be like a
terrible moment for you but also like
that terrible moment spawn maybe like
one of the best pieces of content you've
ever made
what is that dynamic like because it's
got to be kind of weird and either when
you can answer no for damn it okay it's
definitely like there are some times
when there's a loss and you're like well
this is a very interesting narrative
because you know X player from the team
last year just beat our team this year
you know and like twitch chat spam X was
a problem sort of and you're
like well I mean this is interesting
because he's surely grown like Laurel oh
and Matt beating us right it's like well
this is pretty shitty for our team but
it's great for the narrative like it's
very interesting that those players are
doing very well and it's it's a
double-edged right because right now I
feel bad because the team lost of them
but at the same time it was also a
really joyful moment because it's like
Oh Matt and Laura Lowe have won and this
is like incredible and so I was like on
the edge not knowing how to feel exact
same story what can I say yeah these
last two Colton Guardians do so good job
man Laurel oh but why'd it have to be
yes yeah yeah moment I think of a lot is
like I think it was rebirth or squad
k-member but they're just like oh I
guess it was rebirth like when loco just
smashes his keyboard I'm like yeah and
then like sure like that los meses
sucked but if I was fully think I might
be like do the sucks but like this is
gonna be some amazing content like it's
gonna be great saying so
yeah that happens a lot and uh kind of
like a guilty feeling there sometimes
but uh you know ultimately were there
not to like be a fan but to uh make a
video there's there's actually special
like with the water bottle I didn't get
it yeah so say do you remember that one
though well yeah it kind of tangents on
like what I was gonna say there are a
lot of times it stuff happens and I'm
like I wasn't rolling yep
like I used to beat myself up so much
about that like how did I mix a hat I
said and ultimately like if if you if
the audience doesn't know that something
happened it didn't happen and it doesn't
matter but I always feel so bad either
not capturing a really great emotional
moment or a really great joyous moment
where I'm like oh how did I not roll on
that joke or how was I not rolling in
that water bottle that it's special
through hit the ground and exploded on
feelings
oh the heaven exploded on oh no that was
just hypothetical oh okay Andres
remember if you didn't see it didn't
happen Travis yeah that's true that's
true
interesting finally sort of a since
we're on this topic what's it like in
the Edit cuz then you you film these
really high highs you film these really
low lows not only are you sitting there
thinking like oh I'm so happy and also
this is gonna be great content or I'm so
sad but this is gonna be great content
but then you have to make like just one
of the most emotional videos ever right
like max like you had to tell the story
for the past two years of a team that
like did everything they could
expectations were so high and then like
it just all comes crashing down at the
end and and Damian my Meechum liquid at
gave to Team Liquid has had a lot of
those situations like you know all-star
rosters and of going to promotion
tournament so you know whenever you guys
are in the Edit and I I know what you
know I have a glimpse at what it's like
you're going through and you're like
cutting things down so you see like a
shot of a player crying like 500 times
right cuz you're like oh the LUT isn't
working the way I need it to on the shot
or whatever you know like what what does
that experience like
times you just become desensitized to it
like how does it all work
go ahead max yeah sorry not desensitize
still feel it every time the worst at it
by far for me was MSI 2017 16 the one in
Brazil so I'm at empty night yeah just
because that whole tournament
we were like struggling through the
plans and then we went through all the
all the group stages or all the group
stage and ended up losing in a
tiebreaker so I have to tell this entire
story show most of the matches which was
like 12 in total so yeah that was just
pretty grim to go through over and over
again and yeah like that was one of the
most emotional of times I've seen a guys
especially span I've never seen him like
that like before so just so dejected
after the loss and uh yeah it just like
happened to watch those Clips over and
over again but uh we went there for
reason and uh yeah yeah yeah I uh maybe
not so much a loss I mean I had a Team
Liquid loss and they lost it was the
csgo team so not so much that this
audience would relate to but saying
goodbye to players has always been hard
and having that in edits is a little
tough so like when we said I think my
hardest one was probably lower low and
matte but with the lore low one you can
tell that he was like Brett you know his
voice was like cracking up a little bit
he was a and so being emotional so
cutting those you want to send them off
on a positive note and you want to like
really like say thank you to this person
but like at the same time it's just like
this is your friend you've been filming
them you've been like growing with them
for the past X amount of years and it's
just like you have to say goodbye it
just kind of sucks for me the piglet
goodbye video oh yeah Damian was good
most emotions I've seen Damian feel I
like I couldn't watch it back without
getting like I'm getting teary-eyed just
thinking about it even though I just saw
him yeah he's like wake up for for a
very long time in the back of my head my
thought was I was put on this planet to
tell the story of piglet
and maybe a little happen again someday
yeah you're wrong by the way you print
on the planet to tell the story of
double lift with me and faith that's a
double if documentary yeah I mean I I
have told a lot of stories about double
lift also so yeah too many actually oh
he's on our team he's saving the day
alright now he's gone alright now he's
back yeah I am so villain now he's a
hero oh I actually love telling the dark
sorry to be up Oh directly Gabriel
definitely we're so so much fun i I
that kid is great he's a really good kid
if only those two were on the team at
the same time imagine doublelift f dar
doc locodoco can it get any more
interesting Gators upland want them on
on echo fox winning like dar doc or
would you want breaking point are doc oh
when the echo fives winning guard I'm
okay that kid gets a bad rap and I don't
know if I should like feel slightly
responsible or not and I kind of have um
I mean Break boy was a whole thing like
I I went into it only seeing the footage
I didn't film any of it and I had
absolutely that's a year I stepped away
from leak to do csgo content so I came
in like blind and then so and then it
like it comes out and then I see how the
community reacts like oh no like I saw
this differently and so like my whole
like tasks from there on I was like
being directs a really good kid I want
to like really show that what I see in
him and so his goodbye video I was able
to do his like welcome back video I was
able to do and then we weren't gonna do
a goodbye video about him originally
because he came back about shorts time
liquid and was like a really not a big
thing it was only for a couple weeks but
I was like you know if there's anything
you want to say i tweet i think i'm
tweeted him and i was like a thinks you
want to say anything i want to clear the
air of anything like i would gladly stay
up cuz we had to do the video by like
the next day i was like i'll gladly stay
up and make it and so i was able to tell
that story so i got to feel like my my
time in liquid was the dark story yeah
did hit double thanks so much dr.
Manhattan for calling in hey appreciate
and I like the perspective from from
these guys just because I mean I've done
it before and I mean as a fan it's
now I can imagine being in the room it's
just this yeah and thanks you sparked I
think one of the better discussions on
the show tonight so thank you so much
thank you all right yeah no problem I
appreciate the time